---
title:  Jekyll + Github - Construction of the road for personal blog
---
Jekyll build personal blog,said in front, then we need to do a lot of things. Including environment configuration, account registration, domain name purchase (not required) and so on. Wants to engage in a before and after have their own blog, for 16 years I bought a domain name at a price of 16 yuan, "saying the domain name renewals little Guia .." with python and pitched an offline blog let the matter rest " critical deployments too much trouble ... " Until a few sprouted out of another to build a blog's mind, he was again huh. Fortunately, after several days of messing around, get out.
### Several key elements of
- Jekyll
   - Ruby
   - DevKit
   - Pygments
   - Python
- Github
   - account
   - client
- Domain
- Sites statistics
   - Baidu
   - Google
- Commenting system

> Step by step to build their own web blog

>> established github
- registration github.
    - The establishment of a warehouse. Warehouse named <user name> .github.io, please refer to the detailed blog github create a personal blog 
   - above are operating on github page. In order to facilitate the testing and subsequent installation of the update blog github client.

>> domain name and other settings
  - Mine is from Ali cloud purchased website. You can also go to other places. Registered users, select the right domain name, payment (Alipay, more convenient). You then need to bind the domain name space, find the domain name server management business management.
  - Figure out seven cattle home. Free version of the currently good enough, put some pictures relatively easy
